README.md, before:

# Express server with Google Sheets connection

Resources: <br>
https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/quickstart/nodejs <br>
https://developers.google.com/workspace/guides/create-project <br>
https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication <br>
https://developers.google.com/people/v1/how-tos/authorizing <br>
https://github.com/googleapis/google-api-nodejs-client#authentication-and-authorization <br>


# Credentials

To use this skeleton to create your own app, you will need to generate application credentials. Use the following link for reference:
https://developers.google.com/workspace/guides/create-credentials

These credentials identify your application. For your application to access any private data, it will also need an OAuth token. Running the application without a token will prompt you to generate one, taking you to a web page where you can choose a Google account from which to allow access.

Use the redirect_uri parameter to redirect the generated token data back to your server, where you can process it into a token.

The other type of authorization you can use is '2 legged'/'service account', where the credentials are built into the application, and you allow the service account permanent access to the resource. 

# Notes

Entry point: index.js <br>
App runs on port 5000 <br>
Google Credentials are contained in "credentials.json" <br>
After instantiating a new SheetsClient object you must wait for it to intialize (read files asynchronously) before you can use it to communicate with Google Sheets.

Commit message:

Rebuilding SheetsClient and index.js to allow automatic processing and acquisition of tokens via the UI (no more command line). SheetsClient now reads credentials synch. on load

README.md, after:

# Express server with Google Sheets connection

Resources: <br>
https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/quickstart/nodejs <br>
https://developers.google.com/workspace/guides/create-project <br>
https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication <br>
https://developers.google.com/people/v1/how-tos/authorizing <br>
https://github.com/googleapis/google-api-nodejs-client#authentication-and-authorization <br>


# Credentials

To use this skeleton to create your own app, you will need to generate application credentials. Use the following link for reference:
https://developers.google.com/workspace/guides/create-credentials

These credentials identify your application. A SheetsClient object will read this file synchronously upon instantiation. You can also use the SheetsClient.readCredentials function if you wish to read the credentials asynchronously.

For your application to access any private data, it will also need an OAuth token. Access /login to prompt generation of a token. Any attempt to make a request that requires an active token should perform a check to see if this token is available. Use the checkToken(res) function in index.js to perform this check. It will automatically redirect to the Google authorization page if necessary.

Use the redirect_uri parameter to redirect the generated token data back to your server, where you can process it into a token.

The other type of authorization you can use is '2 legged'/'service account', where the credentials are built into the application, and you allow the service account permanent access to the resource. 

# Notes

Entry point: index.js <br>
App runs on port 5000 <br>
Google Credentials are contained in "credentials.json" <br>
